# JWPane.github.io
Personal Information
Hello, my name is Jacob Pane, my student number is s3897630, and my student email is s3897630@student.rmit.edu.au. I am twenty years old, living in Melbourne for the last sixteen years. I am half Italian on my dad’s side and my mother’s side is a combination of Scottish, Welsh, French and English. I graduated high school back in 2020 and have pursued no further education. I have spent the last two years working trying to earn some money before I take on my higher education. An interesting fact about me would be that I am the youngest of six siblings, I am the baby of a large family!
Interest in IT
I am interested in IT because it is something that surrounds our day to day lives and is a lynchpin for countries and people across the globe. Yet I have never fully tried to understand the ins and outs of the IT world. I find it interesting that the integration of these systems into our lives is relatively speaking, recent in history, and yet we cannot live without using this technology. My passion for IT began when I played my first video game on the old Gameboy when I was 4 years old. Ever since that day I was hooked on technology and the joy it could bring to me and many other people. I have no IT experience to speak of, and I am hoping that by completing this course I can improve even a little bit and gain more intimate knowledge of the IT world. 
I chose to study at RMIT because I have heard good things about the support offered and the resources available to use from peers and friends who formerly and currently attend RMIT University. I also chose RMIT because of the flexibility offered through OUA allowing me to study from home full time. I find it beneficial that after a long day at work I am allowed to, from the comfort of my home dive right into study without having to deal with the issues and stressing of commuting to the campus. 
I expect to learn the very basics of IT from this course. I hope to get a feel for what the rest of the subject matter will be like if I choose to pursue IT further and attain a degree in the filed of study. In the long run I hope to learn specifically about cyber security and maybe one day work in a cyber security related field. 

Ideal Job
The job I would find most ideal in IT would be something with a connection to cyber security. A cyber security analyst’s role is to maintain and monitor a company’s IT infrastructure and prevent any outside interference (such as cybercriminals). A high-level cyber security analyst needs 3-5 years of experience in a similar work environment and a deep knowledge of the tools used in the day-to-day aspect of cyber security. Tools such as SIEM and DMARC. Industry relevant certifications are also a requirement for such jobs, these include CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional). I currently have zero experience in the IT field, but through the completion of the course and in the future attaining a bachelor’s degree in information technology, I hope to be able to get a foot in the door and enter an entry level IT job. I plan to study further and attain the certificates needed for employment in the cyber security field of the IT world. I hope to be able to do this while working at a company and getting my name around the industry. My perfect job would allow me to work from home a couple days of the week, this would provide me with an excellent work life balance. A good work life balance is something very important to me as it affects my overall happiness in life and the happiness that I will bring into the workplace. 
https://www.seek.com.au/job/58414326?type=standout#sol=c09d931b22837d16425c31f2c7abae79e8805085 
Personal Profile
Learning Style Test:
Kinesthetics-ISTJ learner (Introverted Sensing Thinking Judging)
 
Myers Brigg Test:
Type: Assertive Virtuoso
Code: ISTP-A
Role: Explorer
Strategy: Confident individualism
 
Big Five Personality Test:
 
These test results show me that I am more introverted in my learning style, and I learn better from doing physical practise. Examples and hands on practise would be the best way for me to learn a new skill or learn how to solve a problem. These results may influence my behaviour in a team because I may be more reluctant to involve myself in group discussion or ask for assistance because I am introverted and intimidated by asking other for their opinion. I should use the results of the test to try and push myself to interact more with my team and involve myself in the discussions about our process of completing assignments.

Project Idea:
Overview:
The idea for my IT Project is to create a digital artefact for the video game stellaris. Stellaris is a space strategy game that involves galaxy traversal, a big part of the game is the environment and how the galaxy looks and feels. I feel as if the detail and diversity of the environments shown in the game are lacklustre and would benefit greatly from increased variation. I would, using notepad ++ and the games dedicated launcher on PC, create an artefact that makes the background skybox of the game feel more vibrant and detailed. The digital artefacts would mostly focus around the induvial meshes and making bringing more detail to the game. 

Motivation:
I have played Stellaris of the last year and a half regularly, after so many hours spent looking at the same digital backgrounds within the game, I believe it would be a nice change of pace to see a more diverse set of backgrounds within the game. Stellaris has a dedicated community that use these artefacts to change the games base files, however there are precious few other artefacts that make changes to the skyboxes (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skybox_(video_games))  of the game itself. I believe I can bring this artifact into the community of stellaris to solve a specific niche problem for the dedicated player of the game.

Description:
My project will be a digital artifact to be used in the game stellaris to change the visuals of the game with the goal of improving the enjoyment of the player base. Stellaris uses skyboxes to create an environment that simulates space and time within a galaxy. Skyboxes are a method used by game developers to give a grander sense of scale and a more three-dimensional feel to the game world. Skyboxes can be created using real life photographs, texture mapping, hand drawn images and rendered three-dimensional geometry. In the case of Stellaris the developers use the skyboxes to imitate real features of deep space and interplanetary environments. When using the features of the game to focus in on an individual planet or star. The skyboxes change to show different environments that can be found within a galaxy, such as nebulas, or the absence of stars around a black hole. These skyboxes have a few variations that create a small sense of difference between the individual stars of the galaxy. My project will bring more diversified and interesting sets of skyboxes for players to look at in the worlds of stellaris while they play the game. This is small change in the sense of the game itself, but I believe it is a small change that will bring a great level of satisfaction to players. The focus of the project is to improve the players enjoyment of the game but not distract them from the original vision of the game or go too far and take the players out of the immersive game environment. This product will feature many new skyboxes aimed at improving the overall aesthetic of the game. Because skyboxes can be created using many different forms of art, textures to be used as the background, I will be able to draw inspiration from real life and other mediums to create these artefacts. Photos of our real-life galactic environment from NASA deep space telescopes would be a good starting point for the new skyboxes. I could also use the environments of other fictional mediums such as video games with a space setting for inspiration and allowing me to get a more diverse range of ideas for my artifacts. There are many possibilities for the materials that I can use in the assembly of the skyboxes to be used in the project. 

Tools and Technologies:
To achieve the creation of these artifacts, Notepad++ and the games dedicated Stellaris Launcher will be vital pieces of software. Notepad++ allows source code and text editing. Notepad++ is free software available for download from the notepad website. (https://notepad-plus-plus.org/downloads/) This software will allow me to edit the code that make up the system of the game and allow me to implement the new artifacts within the games source code. The Stellaris dedicated launcher is used to select which files are to be used when running the game, whether these files are the standard files which come with the game itself or the newly edited ones with the modifications made to the existing skyboxes.

Skills Required:
A knowledge of how to edit the base files of the video game Stellaris are necessary when trying to attempt this project. An understanding the game itself and its quirks would also be helpful in the creation of these artifacts. Notepad++ knowledge would be necessary as the code editing done withing the application would be what is further implemented within the games initialising files after the new artifacts have been implemented. I do not possess the knowledge necessary to make these changes, one way of attaining that knowledge would be through looking at tutorials on the internet as well as interacting with the community of Stellaris to reach out for help in understanding how these changes are properly made.

Outcome: 
The result of this project would be to create a more vibrant and interesting game world which is pleasing to the eye. I believe this will be helpful to the community of Stellaris, giving the people who play this game more diverse environments ensure more replay ability of the game. The original problem was the somewhat lacking number of interesting skyboxes within the games generated environment. With the addition of many new skyboxes and in game artifacts, I believe the original issue will be solved. This development will make players happier and more willing to take the time to appreciate the world created within Stellaris.
